Examples
--------

This directory contains a number of subdirectories, each with a specific
example.
   * Example 1 : Contains a simple "FortuneCookie" protocol system. Includes
     a server and client as part of a single system.

   * Example 2 : This has much the same structure, but rather than serve
     and display fortune cookies, serves (ogg vorbis) audio over a TCP
     connection to a client which decodes and plays back the audio.

   * Example 3 : Splits the structure in example 2 into a specific server
     application and a client application. This puts the two halves at odds,
     *competing* with each other for CPU time. Thus if both are run on the
     same (single CPU) system you will hear audio breakage. If run on
     separate machines (as client and server(!)) you won't hear this. In
     practice, part of the issue is that there is no buffering in the
     receiver.

   * Example 4 : Simple multicast based streaming system. Since it uses raw
     ogg vorbis with no resends and no codebook facility, you will need to
     *start all the client machines first* and *then* the server.
     Uses the multicast transceiver object exclusively.

   * Example 5 : An introspecting version of Examples 2/3. This creates a
     simple streaming system, and looks inside to see what components are
     running/active, and passes the resulting information over a network
     connection to an Axon Visualisation server.

   * Example 6 : This is a simple/generic topology visualisation server. The
     server listens on port 1500, and accepts the following commands:

     ADD NODE id label auto -
     ADD LINK id id
     DEL NODE id
     DEL ALL

     As this stands this is pretty useful, but that's pretty much everything
     it does like this.

   * Example 7 : This shows how the visualisation subsystem can be extended
     to work in different ways. What this does by default when run is
     randomly create new nodes and new linkages quite quickly, allowing you
     to see how the system works.

   * Example 8 : Sample slideshow/presentation tool. Unlike traditional
     slideshow/presentation tools, you can modify this to run arbitrary
     components. An example of how this can work is provided - allowing
     stepping through some graph visualisations along with the presentation.



Michael, June 2005
